---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "spotted_artist Data Source - spotted"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# spotted_artist (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "spotted_artist" "example_artist" {
  id = "0TnOYISbd1XYRBk9myaseg"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The [Spotify ID](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) of the artist.

### Read-Only

- `external_urls` (Attributes) Known external URLs for this artist. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_urls))
- `followers` (Attributes) Information about the followers of the artist. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--followers))
- `genres` (List of String) A list of the genres the artist is associated with. If not yet classified, the array is empty.
- `href` (String) A link to the Web API endpoint providing full details of the artist.
- `images` (Attributes List) Images of the artist in various sizes, widest first. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--images))
- `name` (String) The name of the artist.
- `popularity` (Number) The popularity of the artist. The value will be between 0 and 100, with 100 being the most popular. The artist's popularity is calculated from the popularity of all the artist's tracks.
- `type` (String) The object type.
Available values: "artist".
- `uri` (String) The [Spotify URI](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the artist.

<a id="nestedatt--external_urls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_urls`

Read-Only:

- `spotify` (String) The [Spotify URL](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the object.


<a id="nestedatt--followers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `followers`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) This will always be set to null, as the Web API does not support it at the moment.
- `total` (Number) The total number of followers.


<a id="nestedatt--images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `images`

Read-Only:

- `height` (Number) The image height in pixels.
- `url` (String) The source URL of the image.
- `width` (Number) The image width in pixels.
