---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "spotted_browse_categories Data Source - spotted"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# spotted_browse_categories (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "spotted_browse_categories" "example_browse_categories" {
  locale = "sv_SE"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `limit` (Number) The maximum number of items to return. Default: 20. Minimum: 1. Maximum: 50.
- `locale` (String) The desired language, consisting of an [ISO 639-1](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_639-1) language code and an [ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2), joined by an underscore. For example: `es_MX`, meaning &quot;Spanish (Mexico)&quot;. Provide this parameter if you want the category strings returned in a particular language.<br/> _**Note**: if `locale` is not supplied, or if the specified language is not available, the category strings returned will be in the Spotify default language (American English)._
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `offset` (Number) The index of the first item to return. Default: 0 (the first item). Use with limit to get the next set of items.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) A link to the Web API endpoint returning full details of the category.
- `icons` (Attributes List) The category icon, in various sizes. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--icons))
- `id` (String) The [Spotify category ID](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) of the category.
- `name` (String) The name of the category.
- `published` (Boolean) The playlist's public/private status (if it should be added to the user's profile or not): `true` the playlist will be public, `false` the playlist will be private, `null` the playlist status is not relevant. For more about public/private status, see [Working with Playlists](/documentation/web-api/concepts/playlists)

<a id="nestedatt--items--icons"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.icons`

Read-Only:

- `height` (Number) The image height in pixels.
- `published` (Boolean) The playlist's public/private status (if it should be added to the user's profile or not): `true` the playlist will be public, `false` the playlist will be private, `null` the playlist status is not relevant. For more about public/private status, see [Working with Playlists](/documentation/web-api/concepts/playlists)
- `url` (String) The source URL of the image.
- `width` (Number) The image width in pixels.
