---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "spotted_me Data Source - spotted"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# spotted_me (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "spotted_me" "example_me" {

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `country` (String) The country of the user, as set in the user's account profile. An [ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2). _This field is only available when the current user has granted access to the [user-read-private](/documentation/web-api/concepts/scopes/#list-of-scopes) scope._
- `display_name` (String) The name displayed on the user's profile. `null` if not available.
- `email` (String) The user's email address, as entered by the user when creating their account. _**Important!** This email address is unverified; there is no proof that it actually belongs to the user._ _This field is only available when the current user has granted access to the [user-read-email](/documentation/web-api/concepts/scopes/#list-of-scopes) scope._
- `explicit_content` (Attributes) The user's explicit content settings. _This field is only available when the current user has granted access to the [user-read-private](/documentation/web-api/concepts/scopes/#list-of-scopes) scope._ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--explicit_content))
- `external_urls` (Attributes) Known external URLs for this user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--external_urls))
- `followers` (Attributes) Information about the followers of the user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--followers))
- `href` (String) A link to the Web API endpoint for this user.
- `id` (String) The [Spotify user ID](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the user.
- `images` (Attributes List) The user's profile image. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--images))
- `product` (String) The user's Spotify subscription level: "premium", "free", etc. (The subscription level "open" can be considered the same as "free".) _This field is only available when the current user has granted access to the [user-read-private](/documentation/web-api/concepts/scopes/#list-of-scopes) scope._
- `published` (Boolean) The playlist's public/private status (if it should be added to the user's profile or not): `true` the playlist will be public, `false` the playlist will be private, `null` the playlist status is not relevant. For more about public/private status, see [Working with Playlists](/documentation/web-api/concepts/playlists)
- `type` (String) The object type: "user"
- `uri` (String) The [Spotify URI](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the user.

<a id="nestedatt--explicit_content"></a>
### Nested Schema for `explicit_content`

Read-Only:

- `filter_enabled` (Boolean) When `true`, indicates that explicit content should not be played.
- `filter_locked` (Boolean) When `true`, indicates that the explicit content setting is locked and can't be changed by the user.
- `published` (Boolean) The playlist's public/private status (if it should be added to the user's profile or not): `true` the playlist will be public, `false` the playlist will be private, `null` the playlist status is not relevant. For more about public/private status, see [Working with Playlists](/documentation/web-api/concepts/playlists)


<a id="nestedatt--external_urls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `external_urls`

Read-Only:

- `published` (Boolean) The playlist's public/private status (if it should be added to the user's profile or not): `true` the playlist will be public, `false` the playlist will be private, `null` the playlist status is not relevant. For more about public/private status, see [Working with Playlists](/documentation/web-api/concepts/playlists)
- `spotify` (String) The [Spotify URL](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the object.


<a id="nestedatt--followers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `followers`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) This will always be set to null, as the Web API does not support it at the moment.
- `published` (Boolean) The playlist's public/private status (if it should be added to the user's profile or not): `true` the playlist will be public, `false` the playlist will be private, `null` the playlist status is not relevant. For more about public/private status, see [Working with Playlists](/documentation/web-api/concepts/playlists)
- `total` (Number) The total number of followers.


<a id="nestedatt--images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `images`

Read-Only:

- `height` (Number) The image height in pixels.
- `published` (Boolean) The playlist's public/private status (if it should be added to the user's profile or not): `true` the playlist will be public, `false` the playlist will be private, `null` the playlist status is not relevant. For more about public/private status, see [Working with Playlists](/documentation/web-api/concepts/playlists)
- `url` (String) The source URL of the image.
- `width` (Number) The image width in pixels.
