---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "spotted_me_albums Data Source - spotted"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# spotted_me_albums (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "spotted_me_albums" "example_me_albums" {
  market = "ES"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `limit` (Number) The maximum number of items to return. Default: 20. Minimum: 1. Maximum: 50.
- `market` (String) An [ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2).
  If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.<br/>
  If a valid user access token is specified in the request header, the country associated with
  the user account will take priority over this parameter.<br/>
  _**Note**: If neither market or user country are provided, the content is considered unavailable for the client._<br/>
  Users can view the country that is associated with their account in the [account settings](https://www.spotify.com/account/overview/).
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `offset` (Number) The index of the first item to return. Default: 0 (the first item). Use with limit to get the next set of items.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `added_at` (String) The date and time the album was saved
Timestamps are returned in ISO 8601 format as Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) with a zero offset: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ.
If the time is imprecise (for example, the date/time of an album release), an additional field indicates the precision; see for example, release_date in an album object.
- `album` (Attributes) Information about the album. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--album))

<a id="nestedatt--items--album"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.album`

Read-Only:

- `album_type` (String) The type of the album.
Available values: "album", "single", "compilation".
- `artists` (Attributes List) The artists of the album. Each artist object includes a link in `href` to more detailed information about the artist. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--album--artists))
- `available_markets` (List of String) The markets in which the album is available: [ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country codes](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2). _**NOTE**: an album is considered available in a market when at least 1 of its tracks is available in that market._
- `copyrights` (Attributes List) The copyright statements of the album. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--album--copyrights))
- `external_ids` (Attributes) Known external IDs for the album. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--album--external_ids))
- `external_urls` (Attributes) Known external URLs for this album. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--album--external_urls))
- `genres` (List of String, Deprecated) **Deprecated** The array is always empty.
- `href` (String) A link to the Web API endpoint providing full details of the album.
- `id` (String) The [Spotify ID](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the album.
- `images` (Attributes List) The cover art for the album in various sizes, widest first. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--album--images))
- `label` (String) The label associated with the album.
- `name` (String) The name of the album. In case of an album takedown, the value may be an empty string.
- `popularity` (Number) The popularity of the album. The value will be between 0 and 100, with 100 being the most popular.
- `release_date` (String) The date the album was first released.
- `release_date_precision` (String) The precision with which `release_date` value is known.
Available values: "year", "month", "day".
- `restrictions` (Attributes) Included in the response when a content restriction is applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--album--restrictions))
- `total_tracks` (Number) The number of tracks in the album.
- `tracks` (Attributes) The tracks of the album. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--album--tracks))
- `type` (String) The object type.
Available values: "album".
- `uri` (String) The [Spotify URI](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the album.

<a id="nestedatt--items--album--artists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.album.artists`

Read-Only:

- `external_urls` (Attributes) Known external URLs for this artist. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--album--artists--external_urls))
- `href` (String) A link to the Web API endpoint providing full details of the artist.
- `id` (String) The [Spotify ID](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the artist.
- `name` (String) The name of the artist.
- `type` (String) The object type.
Available values: "artist".
- `uri` (String) The [Spotify URI](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the artist.

<a id="nestedatt--items--album--artists--external_urls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.album.artists.uri`

Read-Only:

- `spotify` (String) The [Spotify URL](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the object.



<a id="nestedatt--items--album--copyrights"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.album.copyrights`

Read-Only:

- `text` (String) The copyright text for this content.
- `type` (String) The type of copyright: `C` = the copyright, `P` = the sound recording (performance) copyright.


<a id="nestedatt--items--album--external_ids"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.album.external_ids`

Read-Only:

- `ean` (String) [International Article Number](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Article_Number_%28EAN%29)
- `isrc` (String) [International Standard Recording Code](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/International_Standard_Recording_Code)
- `upc` (String) [Universal Product Code](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Universal_Product_Code)


<a id="nestedatt--items--album--external_urls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.album.external_urls`

Read-Only:

- `spotify` (String) The [Spotify URL](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the object.


<a id="nestedatt--items--album--images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.album.images`

Read-Only:

- `height` (Number) The image height in pixels.
- `url` (String) The source URL of the image.
- `width` (Number) The image width in pixels.


<a id="nestedatt--items--album--restrictions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.album.restrictions`

Read-Only:

- `reason` (String) The reason for the restriction. Albums may be restricted if the content is not available in a given market, to the user's subscription type, or when the user's account is set to not play explicit content.
Additional reasons may be added in the future.
Available values: "market", "product", "explicit".


<a id="nestedatt--items--album--tracks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.album.tracks`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) A link to the Web API endpoint returning the full result of the request
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--album--tracks--items))
- `limit` (Number) The maximum number of items in the response (as set in the query or by default).
- `next` (String) URL to the next page of items. ( `null` if none)
- `offset` (Number) The offset of the items returned (as set in the query or by default)
- `previous` (String) URL to the previous page of items. ( `null` if none)
- `total` (Number) The total number of items available to return.

<a id="nestedatt--items--album--tracks--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.album.tracks.total`

Read-Only:

- `artists` (Attributes List) The artists who performed the track. Each artist object includes a link in `href` to more detailed information about the artist. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--album--tracks--total--artists))
- `available_markets` (List of String) A list of the countries in which the track can be played, identified by their [ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2) code.
- `disc_number` (Number) The disc number (usually `1` unless the album consists of more than one disc).
- `duration_ms` (Number) The track length in milliseconds.
- `explicit` (Boolean) Whether or not the track has explicit lyrics ( `true` = yes it does; `false` = no it does not OR unknown).
- `external_urls` (Attributes) External URLs for this track. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--album--tracks--total--external_urls))
- `href` (String) A link to the Web API endpoint providing full details of the track.
- `id` (String) The [Spotify ID](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the track.
- `is_local` (Boolean) Whether or not the track is from a local file.
- `is_playable` (Boolean) Part of the response when [Track Relinking](/documentation/web-api/concepts/track-relinking/) is applied. If `true`, the track is playable in the given market. Otherwise `false`.
- `linked_from` (Attributes) Part of the response when [Track Relinking](/documentation/web-api/concepts/track-relinking/) is applied and is only part of the response if the track linking, in fact, exists. The requested track has been replaced with a different track. The track in the `linked_from` object contains information about the originally requested track. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--album--tracks--total--linked_from))
- `name` (String) The name of the track.
- `preview_url` (String, Deprecated) A URL to a 30 second preview (MP3 format) of the track.
- `restrictions` (Attributes) Included in the response when a content restriction is applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--album--tracks--total--restrictions))
- `track_number` (Number) The number of the track. If an album has several discs, the track number is the number on the specified disc.
- `type` (String) The object type: "track".
- `uri` (String) The [Spotify URI](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the track.

<a id="nestedatt--items--album--tracks--total--artists"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.album.tracks.total.artists`

Read-Only:

- `external_urls` (Attributes) Known external URLs for this artist. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--album--tracks--total--artists--external_urls))
- `href` (String) A link to the Web API endpoint providing full details of the artist.
- `id` (String) The [Spotify ID](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the artist.
- `name` (String) The name of the artist.
- `type` (String) The object type.
Available values: "artist".
- `uri` (String) The [Spotify URI](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the artist.

<a id="nestedatt--items--album--tracks--total--artists--external_urls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.album.tracks.total.artists.uri`

Read-Only:

- `spotify` (String) The [Spotify URL](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the object.



<a id="nestedatt--items--album--tracks--total--external_urls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.album.tracks.total.external_urls`

Read-Only:

- `spotify` (String) The [Spotify URL](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the object.


<a id="nestedatt--items--album--tracks--total--linked_from"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.album.tracks.total.linked_from`

Read-Only:

- `external_urls` (Attributes) Known external URLs for this track. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--album--tracks--total--linked_from--external_urls))
- `href` (String) A link to the Web API endpoint providing full details of the track.
- `id` (String) The [Spotify ID](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the track.
- `type` (String) The object type: "track".
- `uri` (String) The [Spotify URI](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the track.

<a id="nestedatt--items--album--tracks--total--linked_from--external_urls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.album.tracks.total.linked_from.uri`

Read-Only:

- `spotify` (String) The [Spotify URL](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the object.



<a id="nestedatt--items--album--tracks--total--restrictions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.album.tracks.total.restrictions`

Read-Only:

- `reason` (String) The reason for the restriction. Supported values:
- `market` - The content item is not available in the given market.
- `product` - The content item is not available for the user's subscription type.
- `explicit` - The content item is explicit and the user's account is set to not play explicit content.

Additional reasons may be added in the future.
**Note**: If you use this field, make sure that your application safely handles unknown values.
