---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "spotted_me_episodes Data Source - spotted"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# spotted_me_episodes (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "spotted_me_episodes" "example_me_episodes" {
  market = "ES"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `limit` (Number) The maximum number of items to return. Default: 20. Minimum: 1. Maximum: 50.
- `market` (String) An [ISO 3166-1 alpha-2 country code](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2).
  If a country code is specified, only content that is available in that market will be returned.<br/>
  If a valid user access token is specified in the request header, the country associated with
  the user account will take priority over this parameter.<br/>
  _**Note**: If neither market or user country are provided, the content is considered unavailable for the client._<br/>
  Users can view the country that is associated with their account in the [account settings](https://www.spotify.com/account/overview/).
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `offset` (Number) The index of the first item to return. Default: 0 (the first item). Use with limit to get the next set of items.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `added_at` (String) The date and time the episode was saved.
Timestamps are returned in ISO 8601 format as Coordinated Universal Time (UTC) with a zero offset: YYYY-MM-DDTHH:MM:SSZ.
- `episode` (Attributes) Information about the episode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--episode))
- `published` (Boolean) The playlist's public/private status (if it should be added to the user's profile or not): `true` the playlist will be public, `false` the playlist will be private, `null` the playlist status is not relevant. For more about public/private status, see [Working with Playlists](/documentation/web-api/concepts/playlists)

<a id="nestedatt--items--episode"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.episode`

Read-Only:

- `audio_preview_url` (String, Deprecated) A URL to a 30 second preview (MP3 format) of the episode. `null` if not available.
- `description` (String) A description of the episode. HTML tags are stripped away from this field, use `html_description` field in case HTML tags are needed.
- `duration_ms` (Number) The episode length in milliseconds.
- `explicit` (Boolean) Whether or not the episode has explicit content (true = yes it does; false = no it does not OR unknown).
- `external_urls` (Attributes) External URLs for this episode. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--episode--external_urls))
- `href` (String) A link to the Web API endpoint providing full details of the episode.
- `html_description` (String) A description of the episode. This field may contain HTML tags.
- `id` (String) The [Spotify ID](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the episode.
- `images` (Attributes List) The cover art for the episode in various sizes, widest first. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--episode--images))
- `is_externally_hosted` (Boolean) True if the episode is hosted outside of Spotify's CDN.
- `is_playable` (Boolean) True if the episode is playable in the given market. Otherwise false.
- `language` (String, Deprecated) The language used in the episode, identified by a [ISO 639](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_639) code. This field is deprecated and might be removed in the future. Please use the `languages` field instead.
- `languages` (List of String) A list of the languages used in the episode, identified by their [ISO 639-1](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_639) code.
- `name` (String) The name of the episode.
- `published` (Boolean) The playlist's public/private status (if it should be added to the user's profile or not): `true` the playlist will be public, `false` the playlist will be private, `null` the playlist status is not relevant. For more about public/private status, see [Working with Playlists](/documentation/web-api/concepts/playlists)
- `release_date` (String) The date the episode was first released, for example `"1981-12-15"`. Depending on the precision, it might be shown as `"1981"` or `"1981-12"`.
- `release_date_precision` (String) The precision with which `release_date` value is known.
Available values: "year", "month", "day".
- `restrictions` (Attributes) Included in the response when a content restriction is applied. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--episode--restrictions))
- `resume_point` (Attributes) The user's most recent position in the episode. Set if the supplied access token is a user token and has the scope 'user-read-playback-position'. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--episode--resume_point))
- `show` (Attributes) The show on which the episode belongs. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--episode--show))
- `type` (String) The object type.
Available values: "episode".
- `uri` (String) The [Spotify URI](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the episode.

<a id="nestedatt--items--episode--external_urls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.episode.external_urls`

Read-Only:

- `published` (Boolean) The playlist's public/private status (if it should be added to the user's profile or not): `true` the playlist will be public, `false` the playlist will be private, `null` the playlist status is not relevant. For more about public/private status, see [Working with Playlists](/documentation/web-api/concepts/playlists)
- `spotify` (String) The [Spotify URL](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the object.


<a id="nestedatt--items--episode--images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.episode.images`

Read-Only:

- `height` (Number) The image height in pixels.
- `published` (Boolean) The playlist's public/private status (if it should be added to the user's profile or not): `true` the playlist will be public, `false` the playlist will be private, `null` the playlist status is not relevant. For more about public/private status, see [Working with Playlists](/documentation/web-api/concepts/playlists)
- `url` (String) The source URL of the image.
- `width` (Number) The image width in pixels.


<a id="nestedatt--items--episode--restrictions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.episode.restrictions`

Read-Only:

- `published` (Boolean) The playlist's public/private status (if it should be added to the user's profile or not): `true` the playlist will be public, `false` the playlist will be private, `null` the playlist status is not relevant. For more about public/private status, see [Working with Playlists](/documentation/web-api/concepts/playlists)
- `reason` (String) The reason for the restriction. Supported values:
- `market` - The content item is not available in the given market.
- `product` - The content item is not available for the user's subscription type.
- `explicit` - The content item is explicit and the user's account is set to not play explicit content.

Additional reasons may be added in the future.
**Note**: If you use this field, make sure that your application safely handles unknown values.


<a id="nestedatt--items--episode--resume_point"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.episode.resume_point`

Read-Only:

- `fully_played` (Boolean) Whether or not the episode has been fully played by the user.
- `published` (Boolean) The playlist's public/private status (if it should be added to the user's profile or not): `true` the playlist will be public, `false` the playlist will be private, `null` the playlist status is not relevant. For more about public/private status, see [Working with Playlists](/documentation/web-api/concepts/playlists)
- `resume_position_ms` (Number) The user's most recent position in the episode in milliseconds.


<a id="nestedatt--items--episode--show"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.episode.show`

Read-Only:

- `available_markets` (List of String) A list of the countries in which the show can be played, identified by their [ISO 3166-1 alpha-2](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_3166-1_alpha-2) code.
- `copyrights` (Attributes List) The copyright statements of the show. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--episode--show--copyrights))
- `description` (String) A description of the show. HTML tags are stripped away from this field, use `html_description` field in case HTML tags are needed.
- `explicit` (Boolean) Whether or not the show has explicit content (true = yes it does; false = no it does not OR unknown).
- `external_urls` (Attributes) External URLs for this show. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--episode--show--external_urls))
- `href` (String) A link to the Web API endpoint providing full details of the show.
- `html_description` (String) A description of the show. This field may contain HTML tags.
- `id` (String) The [Spotify ID](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the show.
- `images` (Attributes List) The cover art for the show in various sizes, widest first. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--episode--show--images))
- `is_externally_hosted` (Boolean) True if all of the shows episodes are hosted outside of Spotify's CDN. This field might be `null` in some cases.
- `languages` (List of String) A list of the languages used in the show, identified by their [ISO 639](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ISO_639) code.
- `media_type` (String) The media type of the show.
- `name` (String) The name of the episode.
- `published` (Boolean) The playlist's public/private status (if it should be added to the user's profile or not): `true` the playlist will be public, `false` the playlist will be private, `null` the playlist status is not relevant. For more about public/private status, see [Working with Playlists](/documentation/web-api/concepts/playlists)
- `publisher` (String) The publisher of the show.
- `total_episodes` (Number) The total number of episodes in the show.
- `type` (String) The object type.
Available values: "show".
- `uri` (String) The [Spotify URI](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the show.

<a id="nestedatt--items--episode--show--copyrights"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.episode.show.uri`

Read-Only:

- `published` (Boolean) The playlist's public/private status (if it should be added to the user's profile or not): `true` the playlist will be public, `false` the playlist will be private, `null` the playlist status is not relevant. For more about public/private status, see [Working with Playlists](/documentation/web-api/concepts/playlists)
- `text` (String) The copyright text for this content.
- `type` (String) The type of copyright: `C` = the copyright, `P` = the sound recording (performance) copyright.


<a id="nestedatt--items--episode--show--external_urls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.episode.show.uri`

Read-Only:

- `published` (Boolean) The playlist's public/private status (if it should be added to the user's profile or not): `true` the playlist will be public, `false` the playlist will be private, `null` the playlist status is not relevant. For more about public/private status, see [Working with Playlists](/documentation/web-api/concepts/playlists)
- `spotify` (String) The [Spotify URL](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the object.


<a id="nestedatt--items--episode--show--images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.episode.show.uri`

Read-Only:

- `height` (Number) The image height in pixels.
- `published` (Boolean) The playlist's public/private status (if it should be added to the user's profile or not): `true` the playlist will be public, `false` the playlist will be private, `null` the playlist status is not relevant. For more about public/private status, see [Working with Playlists](/documentation/web-api/concepts/playlists)
- `url` (String) The source URL of the image.
- `width` (Number) The image width in pixels.
