---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "spotted_user_playlists Data Source - spotted"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# spotted_user_playlists (Data Source)



## Example Usage

```terraform
data "spotted_user_playlists" "example_user_playlists" {
  user_id = "smedjan"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `user_id` (String) The user's [Spotify user ID](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids).

### Optional

- `limit` (Number) The maximum number of items to return. Default: 20. Minimum: 1. Maximum: 50.
- `max_items` (Number) Max items to fetch, default: 1000
- `offset` (Number) The index of the first playlist to return. Default:
0 (the first object). Maximum offset: 100.000\. Use with `limit` to get the
next set of playlists.

### Read-Only

- `items` (Attributes List) The items returned by the data source (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Read-Only:

- `collaborative` (Boolean) `true` if the owner allows other users to modify the playlist.
- `components_schemas_properties_published` (Boolean) The playlist's public/private status (if it is added to the user's profile): `true` the playlist is public, `false` the playlist is private, `null` the playlist status is not relevant. For more about public/private status, see [Working with Playlists](/documentation/web-api/concepts/playlists)
- `description` (String) The playlist description. _Only returned for modified, verified playlists, otherwise_ `null`.
- `external_urls` (Attributes) Known external URLs for this playlist. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--external_urls))
- `href` (String) A link to the Web API endpoint providing full details of the playlist.
- `id` (String) The [Spotify ID](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the playlist.
- `images` (Attributes List) Images for the playlist. The array may be empty or contain up to three images. The images are returned by size in descending order. See [Working with Playlists](/documentation/web-api/concepts/playlists). _**Note**: If returned, the source URL for the image (`url`) is temporary and will expire in less than a day._ (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--images))
- `name` (String) The name of the playlist.
- `owner` (Attributes) The user who owns the playlist (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--owner))
- `snapshot_id` (String) The version identifier for the current playlist. Can be supplied in other requests to target a specific playlist version
- `tracks` (Attributes) A collection containing a link ( `href` ) to the Web API endpoint where full details of the playlist's tracks can be retrieved, along with the `total` number of tracks in the playlist. Note, a track object may be `null`. This can happen if a track is no longer available. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--tracks))
- `type` (String) The object type: "playlist"
- `uri` (String) The [Spotify URI](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the playlist.

<a id="nestedatt--items--external_urls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.external_urls`

Read-Only:

- `spotify` (String) The [Spotify URL](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the object.


<a id="nestedatt--items--images"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.images`

Read-Only:

- `height` (Number) The image height in pixels.
- `url` (String) The source URL of the image.
- `width` (Number) The image width in pixels.


<a id="nestedatt--items--owner"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.owner`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The name displayed on the user's profile. `null` if not available.
- `external_urls` (Attributes) Known public external URLs for this user. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--owner--external_urls))
- `href` (String) A link to the Web API endpoint for this user.
- `id` (String) The [Spotify user ID](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for this user.
- `type` (String) The object type.
Available values: "user".
- `uri` (String) The [Spotify URI](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for this user.

<a id="nestedatt--items--owner--external_urls"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.owner.external_urls`

Read-Only:

- `spotify` (String) The [Spotify URL](/documentation/web-api/concepts/spotify-uris-ids) for the object.



<a id="nestedatt--items--tracks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.tracks`

Read-Only:

- `href` (String) A link to the Web API endpoint where full details of the playlist's tracks can be retrieved.
- `total` (Number) Number of tracks in the playlist.
